some 143 a psalm of david hear my prayer
O Lord give ear to my supplications in
your faithfulness answer me and in your
righteousness do not enter into judgment
with your servant for in your sight no
one living is righteous for the enemy is
persecuted my soul he has crushed my
life to the ground he has made me dwell
in darkness like those who have long
been dead therefore my spirit is
overwhelmed within me my heart within me
is distressed I remember the days of old
I meditate on all your works my muse on
the work of your hands I spread out my
hands to you my soul longs for you like
a thirsty land answer me speedily Oh
Lord my spirit fails do not hide your
face from me lest I be like those who go
down into the pit cause we to hear your
loving-kindness in the morning
freeing you do I trust cause me to know
the way in which I should walk for I
lift up my soul to you deliver me O Lord
for my enemies in you I take shelter
teachmeet into your will for you are my
god your spirit is good lead me in the
land of uprightness revive me O Lord for
your name's sake for your righteousness
sake bring my soul out of trouble in
your mercy cut off my enemies and
destroy all those who afflict my soul
for I and your servant